if he made this for three there and he
something lit up I'd be screwed because
and a huge battle going on here as you
can see I don't know where's older I
guess he doesn't have that many and now
I have storm and storms key here except
I don't know what the storm because it
was not a group of units that can storm
and I think he picked off all my crap he
actually did pick off pretty much
everything and I have very bad storm
here not my screens liking for a second
so I can't really tell who's winning and
now I guess he is winning but that sucks
on my part because I actually I think I
could have won that if I stormed a
little bit better but I didn't so that
bad on my part if you have if you're a
zerg player card not clump up your units
because it makes it hard for the Protoss
player to know when went to storm and
what to storm because yeah it's just
hard for pertussis strong one there's
like nothing grouped up because they
don't want to waste their storm and like
small stuff like that and now as you can
see 10 coursers pretty good amount I as
you can see he is getting his fifth base
to fourth place entirely sure if he has
a natural here yeah he does have the
natural so I'm gonna go drop that and
I'm Justin I know this by looking at the
mini-map and yeah so he has more bases
i'm gonna i think i have for now yeah i
do a four and so we're probably
economically ties except he's getting
his fifth base and now storm drops again
killed off the whole line that was
pretty good in my part actually really
good on my part and actually i only have
three bases god damn it um so he's
actually really ahead right now and I'm
gonna have to constantly be defending my
bases and trying to harass him as much
as I can so he doesn't have this
economic edge because think about it
right now it's only three bases first
three bases because I keep picking off
the I picked off the drone line at this
fourth place and I'm thinking of going
to his third base except there's were
calling you there so I guess I couldn't
and now one zergling picked off my
paddle on very bad job on my part and oh
yeah some quick upgrade hint or helpful
tips if you're a port a spare you're
supposed to upgrade weapons first in all
matchups then you supposed to upgrade
armor and then care if it and then
shields although usually after you get
your first weapons one upgrade you want
to get another forge and you want to
upgrade from you want upgrade weapons
and armor at the same time because
that's how pro gamers do it and that's
what you should do it and uh now as you
can see I'm coming on from the other
corner where he doesn't have us his
units but big battle going on the middle
that was really stupid on my part but
doing us killing off like three Downes
and losing my
hold on me in return that was actually
really bad my part I shouldn't have done
that but I'm a dumbass and so I'd do
that and so you know that cost me my
whole army right now and I'd say he's
winning right now this actually turning
into a pretty epic game because like my
mean in my natural ran out and now we're
both dying to see you can have more
bases and killing each other and trying
to kill each other before we get killed
ourselves and that's really that's when
the games cometic when you really have
to you're dying to kill the other
opponent and now as you can see i lost
my fourth base so I'm mining up one base
while he's probably mining off three or
four so that's really really bad on my
part and now shadow coming in here he
probably saw it so he's gonna be
prepared unless he can't he didn't see
it and now I'm gonna drop him but he
doesn't have that much second storm but
I'll still storm because I came into the
drop so I might as well do it and now
storming as you can see he did run
except he ran a little late and now he's
running he came back with his John so
I'm gonna see if I have any storm but I
don't have any storm so I'm after loaded
and come back later when I do have
storms and now he as you can see he's
quite high drilling that's the best
thing that's very fair can do versus ADT
I guess or they can go queens without
feeling if your goes to but I don't
anyone here that's watching is this
close to you can go Queens and ensnare
the cloaked units so you can see them
and then kill them with ultras
ultralisks and circlings except I've
honestly never seen as if there be
successful with that against me at least
and oh yeah so i'm going to say some
quick things ok so first of all lots of
people i don't know what you call this
ignorance or what if you if there's a
strategy you think is good but pro
gamers never do it there's a reason
behind it and don't think they don't
know about it i guarantee you they all
know about it they just know there's
ways to beat it that's why they don't do
it I used to think oh I'm doing
something and I don't see pro gamers do
it so I've invented a new build and I'm
go soo but you know I guarantee you
that's not the case and there are ways
to beat it so don't ever do a build
order that pro gamers don't do because
it won't work if you're playing someone
that's good I guarantee you it just
trust me on that because pro gamers play
like 10 hours of starcraft daily and
there's i guarantee you they've tried
this more than you they've tried start
they played starcraft and they tried
every single build or more than us so
don't question the pro gamer
it's just like it's it's it's a
ignorance basically you don't want a
question a pro-gamer because they know
what they're doing and you don't know
what you're doing compared to them it's
basically like yeah there's no it's like
talking to someone about their job and
saying you know more than them but it's
kind of being you're being ignorant
there and now as you can see a huge
battle going on here now I'm gonna have
to do really good storms to win this as
you can see create storms on my part I
actually have really good storms at
previous battle I had really bad storms
but I'm really known in my friends and
everything they all know me for having
really good for dessert just cuz I
really good storms and storms usually do
win me almost my battles and as you can
see I would have lost that battle so
badly if I didn't storm and now his /
Lars here and I've killed off I'm gonna
kill off his fourth base all fifth base
I'd say also because i have DTS there
and now this hatchery is going to go
down he lost his alarm me and he's down
to his main and natural probably also
mined out now serves mine their main a
natural later than protestant turn so
that's why i assumed that he had that's
why I assumed he had four bases when I
only had one when my Manor natural mind
out and I'm getting my second shuttle my
first shuttle got skirt if you guys
didn't notice that and I'm transferring
to more posts to my fourth base again
you want to constantly be poor you want
to constantly be harassing and expanding
that's all about starcraft that's all
star cast a belt well at high levels at
least and now i'm gonna go attackers
fourth base except i noticed and I'm
gonna drop here because as you can see
if i didn't drop then my army would have
been my shadow would have died no one
ever killed anything and now I killed
like a good few a lot of units and that
helped and now as you can see he doesn't
have over our dear so he's gonna have to
run he's probably bringing his overlords
there and sorry about that I just had a
little hiccup and now he leaves the game
without thanks didi son of a bitch
that's kind of gay okay again I don't
mean to offend anyone when I segi I hate
saying this like 500 times but oh yeah
guys comment if you tell if you don't
take this as a fence because I might not
even say sorry because I know it's kind
of some people might find it really
repetitive and stupid for me to
constantly being so you're saying sorry
for stupid stuff but you know I try to I
try to satisfy all my viewers but again
that's kind of hard when there's like
over two thousand of you guys and I I
try I try my best except it's really
hard but because obviously people are
different but whatever
foreskin commentary again sir dt a
really good build I guess some things
you could have done to defend this would
be get some Queens because Queens really
rape a Queen's really rape Protoss army
when because protest I'm you can really
if they're slow down it's really hard
for them to maneuver around and use
their maneuverability to their advantage
also he could have got his expansion
sunken support their defense is very
strong also drops could have helped him
a lot because again stairs also killed
jobs except what's the odds of someone
finding like if I found his job then I
would have been screwed except the odds
of that are very minimal and now since
he didn't say GD I took the effort to
write it down in my screen so GG bitches
and I don't know why people don't say
duty if you play starcraft please say GG
went before you leave its kind of its
it's good manners and this is kind of GM
to say GG and if you don't then yours I
don't know what's wrong with you just
say GG before you leave unless you're
like really pissed off at the guy then I
guess you shouldn't but most people say
GG when they leave so you know whatever
it's kind of good it's just shows you
like you respect the other guy and TG I
typed it out I hope you guys enjoyed
this video look forward to more coming
out comment all these parts and go check
out all my other videos they're all
informational and I guess that's pretty
much it come trial for my client opt max
at us east and thinking oh some other
quick things to say before this video
wraps up go check out SC two GG com go
check out digg otimo job hazard all the
other commentators that's pretty much it
guys a peace out